[frontend-api] decorators inherits from base type instead of decorator (#2222)
shopsys/shopsys: upgrade/UPGRADE-v9.1.1-dev.md

- all fields defined in GraphQL type `Product` are correctly inherited in `RegularProduct`, `Variant`, `MainVariant` types ([#2195](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2195))
    - if you extended `Product` type, you could remove duplicate definitions in `RegularProduct`, `Variant`, `MainVariant` types

- Frontend API: correctly inherited base type in `AdvertCodeDecorator`, `AdvertImageDecorator`, `ProductPriceDecorator` types ([#2222](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2222))

>   - if you extended `Advert` type, you could remove duplicate definitions in `AdvertCodeDecorator`, `AdvertImageDecorator` types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - if you extended `Advert` type, you can remove duplicate definitions in `AdvertCode` and `AdvertImage` types
```

>   - if you extended `Price` type, you could remove duplicate definitions in `ProductPriceDecorator`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - if you extended `Price` type, you can remove duplicate definitions in `ProductPrice` type
```
